[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully bow to our compassionate father,
Shakyamuni. Today, we Buddhists are truly
happy and
blessed to be
here in
Saraki City, where the Buddha attained the
Tushita Heaven
to preach the Dharma and save his mother, the Buddha Mother Maya. We, his
disciples, perhaps from many lifetimes, have
had a little good fortune and have
turned our hearts to repent of our
unfilial sins,
so that we may enter the
true Dharma of the Buddha.
[Music] The
filial piety of our compassionate father, Shakyamuni,
is an example for all beings in the three thousand
great worlds.
From countless lifetimes, he
has performed immeasurable acts of filial piety. He
cut off his own flesh and bones to
nourish his parents. In times of hardship, we,
for our own benefit,
always hesitated. When our parents were gone, and we were
not served in time, we harbored resentment and cursed them.
Today, here, in this place
where our compassionate father has
attained perfect enlightenment, he still
manifests filial piety. He saved his mother and helped her attain sainthood,
leaving behind for her...  We, the Ksitigarbha Sutra,
teach us
how to practice according to the example of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.
We like to think that
our virtuous conduct,
from countless lifetimes, has manifested
immense filial piety and has
practiced all the virtuous deeds that
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva practiced. Our
compassionate father has shown us the
specific actions of a filial child to save their parents in this
life and the past. Our compassionate father has
manifested the
example of filial piety, leading our parents to the ocean of the Buddha's teachings.
From the Buddha, we have all the
examples of filial piety and virtuous deeds.
Today,
here, we, with a sincere heart, repent and
respectfully bow to the Buddha. May the Buddha bless us so that
we may diligently
practice filial piety to seek Supreme Enlightenment. We
ask the
Buddha to bear witness to our sincere reverence to our compassionate father, the
Four Masters Shakyamuni,
who ascended from here to the Heavenly
Palace to preach the Dharma to the Buddha Mother and
attain enlightenment. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
[Music] Sincere
reverence to the compassionate father Shakyamuni.
From this place, I carried my heart,
so Heaven also preached the Dharma to save the
Buddha Mother Maya, leaving us the
Ksitigarbha Sutra.
Therefore, we, the Four Maidens, followed the path of Ksitigarbha,
practicing filial piety. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]. We
respectfully bow to the virtuous father, the
Buddha Shakyamuni, who
has departed from this distant city.
Heaven also preached the Dharma to save our parents, leaving
us an example,
a great filial piety that dispels
doubt. Those who renounce worldly life and leave their families and parents give
us an answer before
outsiders. Those who renounce worldly life and practice the holy path and
attain enlightenment are those who have loved and
guided their parents into the stream of liberation. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We sincerely bow to the compassionate father,
Shakyamuni, who intends to bear witness for all of
us and all the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club. We vow to diligently
practice the Six Harmonious Principles to cultivate the merit of filial
piety. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music].  [Music]
Ca Mau, I go there with sincere devotion to pay
homage to the Great Enlightened One, the Great Filial
Father. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni
[Music] With sincere devotion, I pay homage to the compassionate Father
Shakyamuni, who is here,
ascending to the heavens to preach the Dharma and save the
Mother.
[Music]
All Buddhists in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club are
already Buddhists. You are already a
Buddhist
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club. Later Buddhists who join the Golden Chrysanthemum Club to practice, I respectfully ask the
compassionate Father to support us so that we may learn and practice the filial piety that the
compassionate Father has cultivated and achieved.
We sincerely and wholeheartedly pray, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[Music]